well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about a wonderful educational resource
that shouldn't have to exist but it does
and I'm glad that it does it's an
educational chat bot named roo-roo
if you don't know what a chat bot is
basically you send it a message online
and it answers you but there's no person
on the other end of it it's all a
computer program it's pretty cool this
is an educational chat bot that provides
education that apparently parents still
don't want to provide they still don't
want to provide it there's that level of
embarrassment about talking about this a
lot of parents believe that these
schools will take care of it the thing
is only 24 states actually required this
kind of education and only 13 of those
states required that the education
provided be medically accurate think
about that for a while so this chat bot
what kind of questions will it answer
all of them anything I came up with it
had an answer for four hour things as
simple as what happens during puberty
puberty too much more advanced questions
about activities orientations emotional
questions relationship advice it has it
all
it's pretty cool and I know what you're
saying
what kind of teen would need that why
don't they talk to their parents
apparently a lot of them this chat bot
has been up for nine months it has had
more than a million conversations that's
a hundred thousand a month thousands a
day so it's needed it is needed teens
don't make the wisest decisions even
when they have all the information if
they don't have all the information
they're certainly not going to make the
best decisions there's this idea that if
you don't talk about it it's not
happening so
true it still happens it still happens
and now this chat bot exists to pick up
the slack where parents fail or maybe
I'm certain that there are people who
legitimately don't have someone in their
life that they can talk to about this
and it's wonderful that this suggested
for them it really is because this can
cut down on a lot of problems this is
not a topic in which you want to make a
mistake but it goes to show that we need
to talk to our kids more we need to make
our children more comfortable when it
comes to talking to us about anything
about anything because otherwise they're
they're definitely going to get the
information now in this case you have a
medical organization that's providing it
but that may not be the case with other
topics with other taboo topics we need
to talk to our kids more and the funny
part about this chat box to me is that
it is a project of a certain
organization that everybody always wants
to defund because they don't agree with
that kind of planning the reason I find
that funny is because those people who
are that dead set against this they're
probably the type that don't talk to
their kids which means
those who want to defund this
organization their children are turning
to it for advice that is hilarious to me
that that is a form of poetic justice
that just cracks me up right there hurts
they do provide other services and this
would be one of them
a million a million in nine months it's
wonderful that this organization put
this chatbot out there it is also a
blazing condemnation of our country
teens are turning to the internet
turning to a chatbot to get advice that
they should very that they should feel
comfortable getting from their parents
and if not from their parents from the
educational institutions that are around
but less than half actually provided
that's America today education is
important learning is important it helps
you make wise decisions this is not a
topic that you want teens making
decisions without all the information so
hats off to the organization to put this
out there anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night